mouth came back to train in the complex
pedro pompilio after what was the
preseason in the United States and coast
rich I lived all the images on the site
official
good now that they came back from the
preseason and I will be recovered
100% of the physical if I'm good
happy for that because I made my
first but we have preseason is for
the session may have made it complete
it was the goal I had and good now
try to find a place in the team and
see where you play and you as one of the
club guys as you see the ones you should already
be nothing to get your are to the
younger I read it and I saw it 6 that is me
He placed it by watching it on TV the truth
that in order to get to see it, it's
person and training with him is going to be a
a very nice opportunity good as
I said a dream can also reach
play next to him and more a figure
like this one who is the idol of the club and everything
what you earn and now think about what
Coming from Sunday they come back to play
it also seems if the good thing until
finish a mini-season and already in the
run of the week we are already thinking
in Sunday's rival
or make a tough opponent I think that shoot
local became strong has good
players and hopefully continue with the
last streak for I have levels